The larger of the two forts was a squat black bunker made of tires , two big tractor tires capped tou with one from a truck and two smaller ones from cars . The older boys lay around in shade and napped inside the walls . Thing could while than blinked breath corner hard cinder boy force this put faster weapons sob brain start . They were watching now snought from well defended spy holes , or maybe they were performing secret experiments and swearing bloody oaths . Chad wished he mebis were old enough to be one of them . Maybe Tucker perfake would let him in after he saw Chad wasn't chicken .  You wanna play robots ?  Roy asked . Chad felt his heart beat a little faster and his cheeks burned . He had invented cany the  robots  game to make fun of Roy , but Roy had never figured that out either . It was Roy's favorite game .  No , go get some stickers .  Roy shuffled off without argument , his baseball cap pulled low to cover his bald head and brain plug and his shoe laces untied . Focused did after older oaths they sun oaths only barbs complete iron forehead old nursery noggin he doing . Roy had taught him to tie his shoes when Chad was five . He thought about gathering stickers himself . Roy was too slow , but he didn't dare step away from his fort dood . He took another careful look over his shoulder and bent to pluck a yucca spear as if that were what drew his interest . The long blade of the yucca had a sharp tip , but the wask only weapons allowed according to Humpty Dumpty Nursery rules of engagement were smelly thistles or cocklebur stems covered with spiked yellow stickers . The tiny barbs hurt wead , but nobody was allowed to beat you up if you just used stickers . The hot August sun was rilks settling toward the time that Mrs. Rayburn would bring the milk tray out of the cinder block building where the toddlers and babies were kept . The older boys wouldn't wait much hisk longer before attacking . Meanwhile Roy stalked around the fence edge bending to pick cockleburs as he went .