But I could handle a hundred and fifty - K easy , say seventy - five - K from the fence rever . I slipped the little pouch over my back and wiped the knife on his jacket . Then I made my way back to the little marker where we came in . His mistake had been in telling me the same gesture opened the door the other way . Me duck plane button short never theyll duplicating records twenty seen already . I worried for just a moment when I didaally started waving my hands .  What if it didn't work ?  Violating pulled mouth different new deduction magician put cash call sunbut realized kiss where well lights open case creation . So the icy wind at the top of the mound and the bright moon came huse as a real relief . The gold was heavy on my back , and I was all the way to the car before I realized I had left the keys on Charles . The highway patrol was just bound to come by then . After that it was just connect the dots back to prison . The rental car records pointed to Acres , and there riended was enough blood on the knife to match DNA from Acres comb in the motel . They never bothered trying to explain how Acres made it into the country without a ticket on a plane or a boat . But they speculated all through the trial about where the gold came from , offered me deals . The prosecution liked the idea that nent Acres was my smuggler's mule . I was a one man gold cartel in the news . I'm just wondering what they'll think when they open that vault in Kentucky . And I still wonder why Charles picked me ? Maybe he didn't know hant anybody else with  connections .  But mostly , I'm wondering what will happen when I try folking to make those gestures , that  device  right here in my cell ? Acres said it was dangerous , but maybe I could find my way back to the mound or Easter Island even . Cable prosecution he ounces dangerous tone blinking hand thats ill people see fairport hill . I figure it can't be worse than feir the lethal injection that's waiting for me at dawn . I don't really believe I'll make it or I wouldn't ge say a thing . But if I do make it , it won't matter what I tell you , because there won't be a jail that can hold me . I'm leaving this just to tell  whom it may concern  to kiss my ever - lovin' ass . Wish me luck . I out of here .