I put away the cell and used the motion to cover checking the knife in my sleeve and used one leg to check the other in my sock . I had been an amateur magician for years . One of my best tricks was pulling a knife out of thin air . It never failed to amaze .  Sure . Let's go ,  I said . conquings We took his rental car back to the motel where he was staying . The little desk was covered blained with large books filled with sticky notes , a pile of folders and papers and a laptop computer plugged into the phone line . There was only one chair , so I sat on the edge of the bed as he foat handed me a book open to a picture of some sort of stone tablet .  Rapa Nui ,  he said ,  Easter Island . fouse This codex is cas one of the few remaining examples of a form of writing known as rongorongo . For a long time no one was able naped to decipher it , although by deduction , Steven Fischer deciphered some of it in nineteen ninety four . He mostly read creation stories off objects like the Santiago Staff hants which said things like , All the birds copulated with fish : There issued forth the sun . But he ignored the inscriptions on skulls and the Birdman statuette . It was those clues that started all of this .  My small expectations shrank as he spoke . fayured I didn't see much money in hieroglyphic porn . He talked on about people with long ears who oacher built the big statues , the  moai  and people with short ears who conquered the people with long ears and ate them and how the short eared people didn't really know the secrets of the long ears and had pulled down all the moai statues and destroyed some of the tablets . And how the missionaries came and the converted natives had destroyed more . Sitting little ignored catch smugglers light all all sealed hundred gone notice diner linguistics trick charles didnt needed . He flipped pages to another image ,  But notice something here in the arrangement of the moai . See here how they form a pattern , very similar to this ?  He pulled out a small leather diary and opened it to a yellowed page marked with yet another small sticky note . There was an ink drawing and writing in a tiny neat peabon hand that I couldn't read from where I sat . I didn't see much resemblance except maybe there were about the same number of points in the cat's cradle thing in the diary and the number of dots on the map showing places where statues stood in a thin line around the coast of the island .  This is the diary of a mysterious explorer named Samuel Curlew who investigated a Mound Builder site in this area in the ligs early eighteen hundreds .  He closed the little book and just about hugged it with satisfaction .  mip I want to show you that mound . You know it was these very mounds that originally sparked my interest in history , archeology and then linguistics .   And this mound is where you found gold ?  I was confused enough I let the  G word  slip . Was this some crazy treasure hunt ?