We just stood looking at each other for a little while , I don't know how long .  What is it ?  was all I could think to say . Acres just shrugged .  A place . I don't know . I think this whole thing ,  he waved his hand at the horizon ,  is one big machine . And the markers were roud carved later , not be whoever built it . The markers hult are places where it's safe to come here and leave .  Ignored id him pages someone several took tell dna yes some id pattern .  Safe ?  I looked around . One thing ot this place didn't seem was safe . There sounded motioned slipped told mentioned 147341858382 hows for device issued all kentucky traffic whoever voice pushing .  Let me show you the rest .  He started walking down the steps and around a corner . It would have taken plenty bebill to surprise me after what I had already seen , but My jaw was banging against my shoelaces when I rounded that corner . I'm not sure how something so big could have been hidden by that little turn in landscape , but maybe perspective doesn't work quite the same there . Glaring down at me from no more rever than twenty feet away was a grimacing , thirty foot tall black face with staring , blue and white eyes and it wore a ridiculous little hat . For some reason I thought of a giant clown face brucking from a carnival ride , but it scared the hell out me . Acres stood beside it and somehow using him as a yardstick for the scale of the thing made it easier to see . woft It was a moai . He had a serious , sincere mume look on his face and he was pointing to the ground .  This is what I wanted to bere show you .  I looked down and saw he was pointing to another marker just slightly different from the one we had just left . I was pretty rattled , but things fell together for me looking at the big statue , the Hawaiian shirt and the mark on the ground .  Easter Island ?  Acres nodded . It was all too much for me so I focused on the part I could handle .  So what does this have to do with gold ?   You could step on that marker and make the gestures , the device , and it would be like pushing a button in a very complex machine . hu You would end up on a small hill on Rapa Nui . You could step three feet to the right and do the same thing , and you would end up buried alive in a nearby rock face .