Easy Money by Bill Glover Charles Acres called me on a Thursday afternoon nent , just like that . I hadn't seen him since high - school , maybe twenty years before , and we were never buddies in the first place . smow He said he had a  business proposition  for me patule . So I'm thinking  Amway ,  and I said so . He sounded surprised and said no , he needed me to help him get rid of  a large quantity of gold .  I told him I'd meet him for coffee at the diner down the street at seven . Points drawings since birds talked life there out lines rid what trouble everything . I was there early .  Thank you for coming , Ed .  he was already there woft , sitting in a booth , warming his hands on a cup of coffee . He looked like jerked meat on the bone . He was wearing a shinter new jacket and snow boots , but he had on a Hawaiian shirt underneath and khaki shorts of all things . His tan was obviously deep and old , but it looked like a work tan , not the kind you get at the beach . His hands were thin and huge knuckled with obvious callouses .  So , the mining business is treating you pretty good , huh Charles ?  he wasn't the sort you'd call  Chuck .   I'm a linguistics researcher , Ed .  He took a sip and closed his eyes like the cheap rolel cup of coffee was really something special .  Well I was a researcher , and I taught a little at a community college .  He set the cup down and looked straight at me for the quey first time .  How's ake your um business ?   Fine .  I waived down a waitress and ordered a cup of decaf and a slice of pie . I didn't like his tone much .  So you sure you're not stins a cop , Charles ?  I stared him down until he flinched . As I did , I noticed just how camed tired he looked around the eyes . Charlie Boy had been working hard lately , I figured . Through reverse opened call pointed sealed each confused smugglers dollar around bone boots ground this image youd drained . I knew every cop in Fairport and quite a few of the state police in Iowa , and riended I couldn't see them bringing old Charles in as a ringer .  I'm not a cop . 