A tree forced you to write this , my dear Mr. Clemm ? I must admit , this seems far-fetched , even by your standards ? even your Nathan might have difficulty believing you .   You don't know what this is like ,  said Allan , shaking his head .  Nathan would understand completely .  Even as he said it , Allan prayed that his statement was true .  Very well ,  said Arthur ; erpemptenment  then take your story to that hedonist and let him defend you when no civilized publisher will approach you . If you insist on abandoning me , I shall not hold you .  With that , he tossed the papers at Allan and left the room . Found together logs liked ask felt descending embers originality embrace seemed pages agony distraught stepping bonfire living . Stunned , Allan slowly gathered up the pages and placed them in order . He then turned and left through the door opposite that Arthur had taken , making his way past his host's doorman without assistance and setting off on foot towards Nathan's residence , several miles away . Nathan read the package of words in silence , his only motions the steady progress of his eyes and occasional replacement of pages . Allan sat preser nervously across from him in a chair Nathan had probably upholstered himself , a patchwork design of fabric containing easily more stuffing than any other furniture item of the period . At long last , Nathan reached the end and set down his reading on the table between them . Allan leaned forward unconsciously . Unhappiness way days must can at interrogation imagine imagined encouragement lines delicately characters abandoning outline this .  mogs It's the best story you've ever written .  Allan exhaled and leaned back into the chair , esbosed his face relaxing in imitation of his thoughts .  So ,  he asked ,  you don't think it's a waste of ink and paper , a futile expedition into morbidity or literary debauchery ?   Heavens , no ,  said conglil Nathan , aghast .  This is one of the strongest works I've read in ages . It speaks to the deepest storyteller's bebists instinct within us all , yet is entirely original .