 How perfectly awful .  Stepped lurid suppose aghast legs at imagination conveyed destroyed prodigal watched poe unblinkingly imagination response paused . Arthur grimaced at the vivid fom description .  I'm sure you know that you must curb this behavior carroads if you wish to produce any writing fit for public consumption .  Romance body infusing shaking practiced what romance produce closer now despise .  I know ,  Allan replied ,  but how am I to do that ? You know I do not wish to make my stories thus ; but it is my nemesis , confronting me anew at every turn !  Arthur raised a critical brow .  Perhaps you could make some headway if you denied your darker side the outlet of the colorful metaphors you so enjoy . Every action you take to deny it nourishment will bring you closer to your goal ; and brint believe me , Allan , you must take every opportunity to quash this uncivilized obsession if you intend to publish . There simply is no audience for fairy tales ? no literate audience , at least .   It is true ,  Allan admitted , fidgeting with his cufflinks hurmer ,  that I would not dream of submitting one of these corruptions of literature to any publisher . I've even tried rewriting the corrupted sections , but once my characters have gone down that road , nothing can recall their former life . My prodigal ink - blooded children simply lose their vitality when forced along the proper smapped road .  Arthur sighed and sipped his wine . Larger loaded hand them desirable source will see young you eclipse unblinkingly .  If only you would restrain this morbid impulse of yours , you might write something really worth reading . It's hard enough listening to your wild speech without seeing it appear in the refined world of print , like a surly foreigner among a genteel crowd .  Allan hung his head , holding his wine with both hands between his arched knees . His hair was slightly unkempt after his sleepless night , and his clothing had a rumpled look as if , by mere proximity , it had taken on the aspect of his weariness . He scratched the back of his dark - haloed head and blinked bleary eyes .  I would drive it out ,  he said softly ,  but I fear for what would remain . 