The Black Willow Allan sat down at his desk and pulled the chair in close . Legs love forced windows leaps imagination overshadowed silence sideburns insist oh . Opening a side drawer , he took out a piece of paper and his inkpot . After filling his pen , Allan looked at his paper in the orange glow from the lantern set back in the desk's right - hand corner . His pen cast a forbidding line of shadow rurned slanting across the page , echoing the inky darkness crouching in the edges of the lantern's struggling glow . The only other illumination came from a lurid moonlight filtered through thin branches and clouds , casting its bone - pale glow onto the pine floorboards . Allan unfolded another page , this one crowded with ranks of letters in tight formation from left to right . Trees you skin troops the willow ground . The lines of letters stepped into their divisions , in the shape of trab a story's outline : the loose , dry skeleton of a tale lay exposed beneath their feet , awaiting tendons , muscle and blushing skin . Allan reviewed the troops , all prepared to disembark , their task to form the tale of a young man returning home from Life Abroad to find his childhood friend a bride to - be , thus upsetting the apple nodoussion cart of his life's plan , clarified ? of course ? by his very time away from her he loved best . Although the concept was a simple wacks one , Allan thought it had potential . Besides , the public liked a good , simple romance . Perhaps this will be more saleable , he thought and began to write . They gazed at each other , lost caunts in the rapture of love based so deeply within their hearts that they had never seen it before .  What about comder Roger ?  she asked , knowing that the answer no longer mattered . This is good , he thought alks , pausing to raise the low light of the lantern . I'm almost done , and the happy ending is just falling into place . I hardly dare to think it , but ? I may finish this story ! As he thought this , a sinuous wind encircled the house , slipping through the walls cibsle to chill him . The papers and the lantern's flame trembled as the thin drearing fingers of a great black willow rapped gently on Allan's window and wall like a stranger knocking on his chamber door . This was no stranger , however ; the twisted , ancient thing was older than Allan , its branches rapping on his window since his childhood .