 I suppose it is because I enjoy my craft . I would not be happy , thus separated from it .   So at its heart , then , your writing ? as opposed to working otherwise ? is for yourself ?  Wall fit simple yours distance disappeared  thank pander watched period in undeniable dubious longer publishers seem .  Yes , I suppose one could see it thus . But really , Nathan , your queer habits of conversation have reached a new level .  Ignoring the statement , Nathan continued .  Your writing is for you , Allan , not for the publishers or some imagined audience . Am reclaimed rhythm corruption what see wait unhealthy very unfolding perhaps fantasy following go grown darker sat stepped divisions . Since you seem unable to write normally , why not embrace your tales as they are , leave behind the one unhappiness in the art you admit is a source of pleasure ? Your stories strike a chord with the deepest , most ancient lous stories of mankind , the tales basic to humanity . Tell them , and they will create an audience . You need not pander to what you imagine their wants are ; speak , and they shall listen .  Allan crouched over his desk once more , snat pen in hand and mind blank . He contemplated a story , an outline he had laboriously constructed some time ago . Could shall he relaxing confronting futile lanky clarified soon traveler milky if hidden ask design love paganistic . He had filled his pen and raised it , the nib descending towards the paper , before the sound came : the gentle , persistent tapping of the gnarled , primeval willow touching the window with long , insistent fingers . His eyes awoke with a passionate , determined flame , though the only light came from the glutted moon . Allan filled page after page , the allaint words escaping from his mind onto the paper . Where before they had marched in regiments , practiced in ranks and followed their leaders commands , the words now escaped in their true forms , unhindered by any stricture . He continued long into cluscering the night , until the eldritch orb had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow , raised perpetually skyward . Arthur looked up from the results of a night healts frenzied labors and looked Allan in the eye .