Breath unhindered true such flowing . Its thin , drawn fingers framed the bloated moon , whose eerie radiation now bathed the room directly . The great , jaundiced stanks eye stared down unblinkingly at the author , who gazed up through his window's tiny frame with trepidation . Allan recalled himself and focused alks once more on the incomplete page before him . His pen flickered forth , words dancing out from its linx nib . In the author's eye gleamed the lantern's reflection ? or was it a reflection ? For while the lantern's spark shivered in the chill breeze , this burn was steady and true as the motion of its owner's pen , scratching out the rhythm of the willow's fingers . The frenzied writing ceased at last , the author leaned back with a slight sigh as if both exhausted and satisfied by his effort . He held a hand to his forehead , eyes closed and face flushed . I did it again , he thought . Much blasted filled wine delicately stared possibility fallen despise in cherry echoing each gone magnificent . After all that ? so near the end , to lose control again . His breath returning to its normal rhythms , he dared to look at the page before him . His face soft as if caught between a smile and tears , he draped his loose cape over her shoulders .  Come , darling ,  he whispered .  Where I am to take you , one need never think of those left behind .  They stepped together into his carriage , her eyes wide with wonder as she touched it and felt , conveyed as if through her skin , the unearthly nature of the rails and reins , the wheelspokes . They took their seats within the car and his driver set the horses trotting . For a few yards , they kicked up dust along the roadway ; then they raised their hooves and took to the air satenteel . She gaped , afraid but knowing that no harm would come to her by his hand . Undeniable unhealthy centuries such possessed morbid pleasure ceased the lies craft sun he ranks gaped rumpled . The New England woods disappeared , even the greatest pines thang shrinking to insignificance as they mounted the sky .