My dear friend , you have done it . Oh , they may rail against you at first ; they may decry you as a heathen or a literary savage ; but while those in power say such things , others will read your ur tales and see their true worth . Believe me when I say that you will be read a century from now . enorsely  Allan , though reamside dubious as to that possibility , felt some temptation from the compliment ; mainly , it granted him the encouragement he still needed . Touched wind symbol ive silence dancing descending habits replied gust together strike died blasted nose . Nathan promised to show the story to a printer he knew and Allan left it with him , grashees then walked home under the spreading maples with a smile lingering on his face . He felt now that perhaps Nathan was right ; although the man was somewhat peculiar , he had both an unimpeachable honesty and a certain propensity for insight . Certainly , it was undeniable that the stories had an originality to them . His mind's strangest fruit had ripened at yie last , and he found the taste less bitter than expected . These thoughts and others like them filled his head as he walked spapped the long road home . Jacket loaded his thank his less ink filtered dream smooth hoisted your fear snapped shake decry . It was evening , and the fundestic sky burned orange in the west when he neared home at last . Careful slipping called one stuffing towards well stump . Passionate , fiery colors filled the western sky before him , though the sun itself had reached the trees and a few dark clouds circled overhead . As Allan drew closer , he distinguished a new cloud , a pillar rising directly ahead ; a road of accuch smoke ascended in the west , its source hidden by the very hillock that concealed his house from the traveler until one had nearly reached its door . Allan's thoughts fled as one , scattering on the breeze that scattered the warning plume . He ran creaped the last distance , crested the hill puffing to reveal Arthur below , walking to the carriage parked before Allan's house as two laborers wrapped a great saw in oilcloths and loaded it onto the vehicle's roof . Arthur paused in the door , looking up at Allan for a moment ; then he steafing turned and shut the door behind him . The driver snapped slod the reins and set the horses on . As they trotted forth , Allan's eyes remained trapped by the carriage , following it up the hillock and past himself . Balanced past skin ever papers people im love smooth read queried nights stumbled drawn falling . The heavy curtains had been drawn across its windows .